hi guys it's been Heath from lead guru
and in this video I'm going to peel back
the curtain and show you my exact lead
generation process I've created dozens
of Facebook ad campaigns that generate
high quality leads for my own services
and for my client services and as a
result I've developed a very specific
strategy that works incredibly well and
I'm going to go through that strategy
step by step in this video so if you're
a service provider or you're looking to
generate leads for your business then
pay close attention to this video and
make sure that you stick around to the
end because what I'm about to show you
could completely change the way you
market your business okay so let's get
that now the first thing I'm going to do
is run you through the lead funnel
structure but explain the steps included
in this lead generation process I'm
gonna go through and show you examples
of exactly what I use at each stage so
you can model from those should find
them really really useful now this is a
lead funnel that I've used a at least my
own business I've used to generate leads
for clients businesses it works really
really well if you are a service
provider now I would recommend that you
do watch this video until the end
because the lead funnel that I'm about
to show you might seem quite similar to
I've seen online in the past but there
are some key differences and those
differences will make all the difference
to the results that you get from this
lead funnel so make sure you pay close
attention and watch out those
differences I'll be sure to what to
explain this okay so let's go through
the lead funnel structure so I've got a
PowerPoint presentation here to make
that a little bit bigger so we can take
a look and don't worry about all these
slides now where I'm not going to go
through all those just going to explain
this so this is sort of the basic five
steps that are included and this is the
journey that your prospects are going to
take and you know as they go through
this lead funnel and end up as a
customer of yours now the first thing
that we're going to do is we have a
facebook video ads we can be advertising
a video to cold audiences people that
don't know your business at all and and
that's that what as I said I go through
each of these in a lot of detail gonna
show exactly how to create this video
don't worry it's not as difficult as you
think that video is then going to
directly we're going to end with a call
to action that directs people to a
landing page and on this landing page as
you can see in step 3 they're going to
be offered they're going to be asked for
opt-in for a lead magnet to give their
email address in it
change for something of value again I
mean explain the only page you can
explain the lead magnet in detail now
the difference already one difference in
this leaf on all the most people as most
people say advertise a piece of content
like like a video and something valuable
and then we target those people with a
direct call to action technical tool
animate by getting people to go straight
from the Facebook video to the landing
page means that you don't need to
Facebook campaigns and it costs a lot
less so that's a key difference that I
found that makes a big difference and
once we will opt in for the lead man bit
they're going to be taken to a thank you
slash sales page and you have to think
that at this stage and the lead funnel
people have just opted in fuel need just
given you their email address in
exchange for something of value we want
to continue that momentum and capitalize
on it and progress people to the next
stage of the lead funnel now most people
really don't use Thank You pages enough
they will just have a thank you page
after someone opts in for the lead
member that says thank you very much for
opting it and that's it but this is the
perfect opportunity to get people to the
next stage which is why it's gonna be a
sales page and this is a big key
difference between this lead funnel and
other ones that you may have seen online
what we're gonna do is we're gonna
encourage people right there and then on
that thank-you page before they've even
had a look at your lead magnet to book a
free phone consultation directly into
your calendar and that means that you
can then obviously progress people and
to your major services when you're on
the phone with them now one of the
advantages this lead funnel has over a
lot of other and lead generation efforts
is that once you've got all these stages
set up it runs completely on autopilot
so you'll have a Facebook campaign
sanitizing a video people will watch the
video they'll click on the link in the
description of the video go to the
landing page they're locked in for the
lead magnet they'll go to the Thank You
page they'll book a free phone
consultation to write you in your
calendar all you'll have to do as part
of this lead generation process is
you'll get an email send up someone's
booked a slot with you you know tomorrow
at 2 o'clock you need to give them a
call tomorrow 2 o'clock it's a fantastic
way to generate leads or a service
business it makes the lead generator do
lead generation process so much more fun
less of a grind and so it works really
really well ok so that's it let's have a
look at the and the examples of each
stage and then we'll go through them
quickly so if I bring up here and I
bring this screen across I've got
everything prepared so obviously going
to start with the
book video app I'm gonna show this to
one I've used primarily for my own
business and obviously I brought up the
video it wouldn't look like this in an
actual when it's being advertised in
people with news feeds it would look a
lot more like this it looks properly so
you can see yeah you know when there's
cording to the fish can use me this is
the sort of thing they will seek so I'm
going to show you go through this and
explain exactly how to set up a video of
this as I said not as difficult as you
think they're gonna click on this link
down here that's gonna take them through
to the landing page and this is the
example any page again gonna go through
this this encourages them to opt-in for
the lead magnet and I've got an example
of that somewhere so here we go here's
the lead magnet and again gonna go
through this but lead magnet that I've
got here is a five-part vicksburg ad
template and that let me make sure
that's in the screen there five hot
place we got template so it basically
helps people create Facebook ads quickly
get a better results from their Facebook
ads I've got you know as you can see
some examples in here explain what's
included again gonna go through this I
remember once they've opted in for the
lead magnet on this page before they
even make it to the lead magnet for its
email to them they're gonna be sent to a
thank you
slash sales page so you can see here
that it says thank you for downloading
my five-part Facebook ad template
requested download should be within your
inbox in next 10 minutes I mean we
obviously send it immediately and but
what we really want to do is get people
on this page because we want to progress
them to the next step so watch the video
below this video would automatically
play I'll show you that I've just paused
it and for now but I'll show you that in
lates later on interesting working with
us some stuff here then showed you the
free call so they click on this and
they're taken to this page where they
can book a free facebook advertising
phone consultation with me and they can
set their time zone and book and a start
again I'm gonna go through all this so
those are the five component elements
let's go back to the beginning now and
go through the video a demo go through
my example explain a little bit about it
and show you exactly how you can create
your own how they're not this difficult
to create but you might six let's do
that now okay so we're gonna go through
this video first and then after that I'm
going to show you exactly how to create
the Facebook advertising campaign that
promotes this video and you need to
create things in this order so I think
it makes the most sense a few things
I'll go through before we watch this
video firstly and you can
see that my face you know I'm face to
camera this is a face to camera video
and that's really important I think for
service providers because the vast
majority of service businesses you know
you or someone within your company is
going to be interacting directly with
your clients with your customers so they
want to know that there's a real person
they're going to be interacting with you
can start to connect with them on that
one-to-one basis getting in front of the
camera and showing you're not just some
nameless company you're a real person
you're gonna take responsibility for
stuff I think that's really really key
they're not as difficult to create as
you think I'm gonna explain what you
need in terms of video equipment and
stuff like that when I've just gone
through this they're not very difficult
so first thing I really really strongly
recommend is you get in front of the
camera as I've done here now the second
thing I'll notice the length of the
video so you can see that it's only
three minutes and 14 seconds long and
that's really important as a digital
marketer I'd love attention spans online
to be much much larger than they are but
they're not too cold audiences to people
who don't know who I am and I'm going to
create a short video I think two to four
minutes for this style of video is
really important remember the end of the
video there's going to be a call to
action that encourages people to opt in
for the lead back there if I create an
hour long video not enough people are
going to make it to the end of the video
now this video I'm recording right now
is obviously gonna be much longer but
that's really looking to deliver value
to target market of not necessarily
looking for this direct progression and
whereas with this video I app I want
them to go to the next stage of this as
well so keep your videos nice and sure
now this video that the whole purpose of
it is obviously to get people to opt in
for a lead magnet but you need to
deliver a lot of value and deliver a lot
of value at the beginning of the video
you need to tell your target market
about something that they want to
achieve or how to avoid something that
they want to avoid just think why do
people in my target audience want to
watch it's why is it you know why is it
worth their time so in my case I'm a
facebook advertising content greater and
service provider you know that's what my
business does if we create facebook
advertising campaigns for our clients
and manage them
so obviously this video is about
Facebook advertising specifically it's
called why you're wasting your time with
Facebook so the value in this video is
that most
wasting their time with Facebook cuz
they're doing it completely wrong this
video is going to tell you why you're
getting it wrong and how you can change
things so that it could actually make a
difference to your business so that's
the value of the video that's the hook
that gets people in that then allows me
to advertise my lead magnet and now just
a point on that the title while you're
wasting your time with Facebook's quite
interesting it's obviously quite
controversial most we wouldn't think
that you know a Facebook search provider
would create a video like that and
that's part of the reason why this video
has worked incredibly well so you know I
think this one's got over a hundred
thirty thousand views it's added and
tens of thousands of people to our email
list is locked in for elite my mates
perform very well but that is kind of
controversial is that why you're wasting
the time with Facebook now I'm not
saying that Facebook is a waste of time
I'm saying that you person watching this
is wasting a time because give me a rock
if you can be a little bit controversial
if you can hook people in like that
that's something that I would recommend
anyway I've talked about this enough
let's get started let's start you're
going through this video now so I'm
going to to quickly play it
forgive the audio quality it won't be
good I'm playing a video that I'm
recording with a laptop so you just have
to forgive that you can always come to
this video and check it out I'll make
sure I include a link to this in the
video description so you can have a look
so you can see right the beginning of
explaining what this video is about and
what people need to you know where the
value is going to come from in this
video I'm going to explain why and what
you need to do to actually get results
and now I'm going to start introducing
myself I was quickly introduced myself
establishing a credibility founder and
CEO of a digital marketing agency and
that's why you should listen to me when
I'm you know you should listen to the
rest of this video just a stamina
credibility if you could do that you can
say look I've been a you know a plumber
for 25 years this is how you you know
make sure your drains don't get blocked
or whatever it is and then get that in
there and then now I move into the meat
of the video and start delivering the
content like start explaining why people
are wasting their time and what they
need to do to get better results
they aren't getting any results for two
reasons number one number two okay and
that's true even if you're just gonna
stop it at that point obviously that's
sort of halfway through the value
section this video on one thing you'll
notice is that it's quite professionally
produced again not very difficult to do
but I do think that's important
particularly if you're working b2b you
know people other businesses want to
work with businesses that they deem to
be professional so you can see that I'm
not unlike in this video we're much
longer format I'm not mumbling over like
words I'm not getting anything wrong
it's been nicely edited and there's this
things that pop up on the screen the
lighting is good well the audio for you
on this video web eastin but the audio
is pretty good and I think these are
points that you do want to know about
the Facebook newsfeed is a really
interesting place with tons of
distractions so if you're going to grab
people's attention you need to promote
something that people actually care
about and for the most part people care
about a couple of things they care about
things that are entertaining and they
care about things that will help
something they want to achieve so that
would be something education some
businesses can promote things that are
entertain and I'm sure you've seen
examples of that but the majority can't
it just doesn't make sense and they need
to go down interesting the will list and
once they're listening to you the
perfect opportunity to sell to them so
to stop wasting the time with basement
deliver actual results you need to pay
to promote your content so right just to
that last this section I was just
summarizing the value that I've given in
the content and you can see that I
haven't gone into a lot of depth you can
when you're creating a short video like
this and this is the perfect sort of
thing to go out to cold audiences that
perhaps don't know that much about about
Facebook and about promoting it and it's
kind of top-level this kind of
introductory I'm saying that the two
things you need to do is pay to promote
your stuff on Facebook organic reach or
Facebook is more or less dead and you
need to pay to promote stuff that people
actually care about don't just put up an
ad that says please come work with me
it's not going to work that's the value
in the thing now I'm moving into the
call to action section at the end which
is absolutely key this is what's gonna
drive people to the landing page and get
them to opt in for the lead market now
there are a lot of people online that
will say you should advertise a video
like this and then you should just end
it with thank you very much talk to you
soon and then you should retarget with
another facebook advertising campaign a
direct ad for the leave method now the
reason why this method works a lot
better is you only need one Facebook
advertising campaign to do it this way
instead of having to which obviously
costs a lot less when you're talking
about harming your cost per lead that's
a huge adjustment and you know it's
gonna have a massive impact on the
success of this in a number of distress
I've broken each ad down and explain
what we've included in each and why so
really really useful you can all
model from the examples given and it
should really help you guys out as I
said you can download it right now for
free all you need to do is click on the
link in the video description above that
will take you through to our website and
you'll be able to download it there if
you enjoyed this video please give it a
like I really appreciate that
and I'll talk to you soon okay it's not
that before it moves on to the to the
next video and get rid of that so you
can just see that it just says here
click the link in the video description
to download the 5-pack Facebook ad
simply so you can see the outlet of this
video you know in three and a bit
minutes long a good 30 35 seconds of it
it's dedicated purely to the call to
action and to then leave that there and
hopefully you'll notice throughout the
video I'm not shy at all you know I
really I'm not shy about the content I
am an expert in my field if you're a
service provider you're almost certainly
an expert in your field so when you when
you know your stuff when you're
confident about we're talking about you
can say look this is the way it is this
is what's going to help you out and this
is how you should be doing it simple as
that so you know I think that's an
important point to be confident in every
and I'm not shy about the Neath packet I
know the lead magnet Strait the
five-part face book that template has
helped tens of thousands of people that
have downloaded downloaded it and so I'm
not shy about really promoting that and
pushing that as you can see at the end
of the video now a couple of things to
note so in order to to create videos
like this you might think of how on
earth can I create a video like that
first thing I would recommend is script
out your entire video doesn't take very
long and write out exactly what you're
gonna say plan it and make sure it looks
professional as I've done there so that
video is tied with that that's why the
delivery comes across quite quite well
second thing is you need a bit of
equipment so you need a couple of box
lights very cheap to buy on on somewhere
like Amazon that's what gets the nice
lighting and makes you look like you're
not recording it in a dungeon like
videos without without lighting can can
often do and so get a couple of box
lights they create a nice soft light get
an Appel mic again very cheap to get on
Amazon that improve the audio quality
and then that's been recorded with a
DSLR camera and anything that record can
record in Full HD or more than the be
adequate adequate then the only other
thing I've got which is somewhat
optional three honest
just threw it against the white wall is
I've got a canvas sheet up behind me
with the stands that enables you to sort
of put that up there and have that that
sheet behind you and so and that could
just make the background look a bit
better than just being directly behind
you know in front of a white wall or
something like that so that's in terms
of and that's all the equipment you need
you're talking about you know a hundred
bucks to buy all that sauce maybe the
DSLR camera will be will be more but you
might already have one of those you only
have a friend or a relative has one of
those you can borrow if you don't want
to buy your own and otherwise all the
other stuff is round about hundred
dollars will do it oh and then with the
camera I've got a tripod that's probably
fairly obvious for that fact that's it
and that's all you need that's all the
equipment you need script out every line
and the way I do it is I have my laptop
in front of me obviously off camera and
I will read instead of memorizing it all
I will read a line you know read it to
myself to memorize it I'll look up the
camera and I will deliver that line to
the camera and then that will mean that
the videos for sort of in sentences in
chunks and what you can see I'll just
get back to you clip is that I'm moving
around the screen full reach sentence so
let's just quickly research so I mean a
little bit on the screen now all I've
done is I've stood on one spot to do
that and I've got a video editor to move
me around so each and each sentence are
moving around slightly and that's just a
simple audience retention trick so if
you can add that in you know that the
moving around the screen just keeps
people interested a little bit longer
they're gonna watch more of your video
which is important because remember the
video is all about getting people to the
end to find out about your lead back bit
and go to the next stage of your of your
sales fight and okay so that's that the
basics for the video itself now let's
the quickly take a look at the text
we've got in the app so obviously it
wouldn't be in this format it would be
in the newsfeed but this is all the
information of contain they watch the
video and you can see right at the end I
say you know click the link in the video
description to download the five-part
Facebook Ads update so let's have a
quick look at this video trick so here
we have if you're trying to promote your
business on Facebook then you're
probably wasting your time and in this
video
Blayne why what you need to do to
actually get results so what I'm doing
here is I'm just summarizing the video
those are the first two lines that we
include it in the video itself I've just
put that in there and then immediately
by moving on to the pivot to talk about
and delete magnet and the five-part
Facebook ad template I've also created a
five-part Facebook ad template that you
can download right now for free
this template includes some of the best
performing ads we've created for our
clients in multiple industries and if
you're looking to point your missus on
Facebook you'll find it very useful so
again we're just selling the leap a bit
why do people want to take the time to
click on the link and then give over
their email address oh they want to do
it because they want to get this lead
magnet says to download this free ad
template click here so this is the ad
and you know this is obviously not what
I look like but this is what's going to
be included in the video ad that's it's
very simple I'll include a link to this
in the video description go through this
model from it that sort of length my
delivering what I'm talking about model
all those things obviously don't copy
the content it won't work for your
business and make sure it's specific to
what you provide and you see really
model from this thing so you can get the
idea in there and it does perform very
very well ok so that's the video itself
now we need to click the promote this
video before we move on to the next
stage ok so here we are now inside our
Facebook ad account I'm going to show
you how to create the Facebook ad
campaign that is promoting that video I
want to go through and create a new one
so you can see exactly how it works and
you know all the buttons to press and
there's things to include and things to
exclude and all that sort of stuff now
and one thing I will quit you mentioned
you can see on this screen is the
results of that campaign of Scott so you
can see it's this one here that this is
the campaign the video has been promoted
in its generated so far 16,108 leads now
with what other campaigns obviously
that's over the last five six months or
so performed incredibly well now those
leads are email opt-ins
to people who are opted in and for the
five part Facebook ad template as a
result of that video so obviously those
haven't converted into phone
consultations as we are in this and lead
funnel structure there's no way you know
we could have handled sixteen thousand
phone calls in the last six months that
just shows you once you get this right
once you get that video right that first
step
so so okay so with that said let's now
work greater campaign so you want to
come over here and click create and
apologies that this is a bit slow
because I'm recording this and it's
likely to be to be a little bit slow so
let's go with leave funnel campaign for
the name okay buying type we're going to
leave is auction campaign objective
really really important thing ugly
explain so a campaign objective I'm
actually just written a blog post about
this you guys can go to my website and
check that out all about the the 13
Facebook campaign objectives and the
campaign objective basically what you're
telling Facebook is this is what I want
so it automatically defaults to traffic
you could have you know app installs
video views and what that means is
within the target audience that you
select Facebook will put your ad in
front of the people that it thinks are
most likely to do one of these things so
traffic it's through Facebook thinks is
most likely to click on your link and
page likes it's who Facebook thinks it's
most likely to like your page and the
Facebook algorithms are very very
sophisticated they've got a lot of data
on all their users and lot of which has
been in the news recently and what that
means is that selecting this conversion
rejected can make a big big difference
to your campaign because Facebook will
optimize for that objective so it's
really importantly you get this right
now what we're going to optimize for
here obviously the end goal is to end up
with phone free free phone consultations
with prospects but we're gonna optimize
for a lower stage in this lead
generation funnel and we're gonna
optimize for leads just as I have with
that campaign there we want to get as
many people to opt-in for our lead
magnet because those people have got the
ones who are going to reach from Thank
You / sales page as possible so that's
what we want to tell Facebook that we
want so you want to come down and select
conversions key results we want to
change the purchases to leads now in
order for this to work in order to have
conversions and as a campaign objective
and then to go after the key result of
leads you need to have the Facebook
pixel installed on your website and on
the Thank You star sales page you need
the lead event code so I've created
videos check out my youtube channel and
include a link in the video description
about how to install the Facebook pixel
on
on your website and depending on what
side of what sort of website you have
whether you know it's a Shopify site or
a WordPress site you can google around
how to install the Facebook pixel how to
import installed lead event code you
need those two things you need to get
that right for this to work so don't
skip that out make sure that you do that
and but I'm gonna move on on for now so
create an ad set so I'm just gonna give
this a name like they normally do I just
call it placeholder and then we'll
create the ad in a second that's all you
need to know about the campaign stage so
go ahead and click Save the draft
it's gonna take a little bit of time and
then so that's the campaign stage
there's sort of three levels for the
Facebook ad campaign if you're not
familiar you've got your campaign stage
but your ad set which is all about who
you're gonna be advertising to and we're
on Facebook your ads are going to appear
then you've got your ad which we've
already covered in this case that's the
video and the accompanying text so
that's all the stuff that we want to
know about our campaign our lead final
campaign conversions fortune campaign
spending limit if you want to make sure
you don't spend too much then you can
set that up don't worry about this for
now but minimize that go into lead
funnel campaign and now we need to edit
our ad set so go ahead and select edit
okay so here we are now inside our ad
set now this is where we decide two
things we decide who we're going to be
advertising to and we decide we're on
Facebook we want to advertise so let's
let's get started the first thing you do
is in this conversion window it's
obviously we are running a conversion
campaign objective that's what we want
the campaign talked to my school and yes
website and we want to use the lead
event code you could optimize for
purchase Add to Cart there's a food is
not just depending on where business
does but in this case service based
businesses looking to generate leads
we're gonna use the lead objective which
registers when people opt in for our
lead magnet and then land on that
all-important thank you slash sales page
okay so select lead in there for now
let's just keep it really simple and
exclude those daily budget it really is
up to you and what I usually say to
people is start off small
establish your something works and then
look to scale up and if you want to
start with you know something like five
dollars a day ten dollars a day that
could be a decent starting point if
you've got a much larger business with
with with staff you need to make payroll
and this needs that
something obviously start larger but
don't get too hung up on the budget
start with something that you don't mind
losing if it doesn't work out and then
establish at that level and get to a
point where you know it's working well
for you and then look scale from that
I'm going to leave that as is start an
end day
I don't bother setting an end date and
because I know I'm going to come back
into this campaign and Justin regulate
you could of course it you know you want
to end it before a certain event
absolutely fine go ahead
that okay and now we get into the
audience section custom audiences I'm
gonna create another video all about
custom audiences because their whole
topic and other stuff basically custom
audiences are people that already know
your business so you can advertise to
people for example that I visited your
website and email list of your previous
customers stuff like that you do all
that custom audiences not going to go
into this into that in this video I
don't want to make it too long but
they're really really powerful if you do
have you know website visitors a
previous customer list something like
that then look to use custom audiences
and of course the look-alike audiences
which spring off of those but again I'm
going to create a separate video all
about that the majority of you going to
be advertising to cold audiences and
this strategy most of time you are going
to advertise to people that don't know
about you but don't know much about your
business so we want to focus on the cold
audience element of things now locations
so if you operate nationwide multiple
countries then obviously include the
countries that you want to to advertise
to most service providers operate on a
local basis so you can come in for
example and you could enter in so I live
it's West London so I could put in West
London in here in fact I don't wanna put
obviously in anything too specific but I
could put in London within 25 miles I
could be a lot more specific I could put
in my my physical address and then do
within 5 miles 10 miles of there
whatever and but yeah so obviously for
people to become customers of your in
the air of yours in the end they need to
live or operate within your area of
operations so just enter that in here
and if you are do operate nationwide
then go ahead and step combination just
like I
business for example is not in
nationwide were international we work
with clients in english-speaking
countries we've got them in America
obviously the UK Canada Australia and
well what I would often recommend is you
start with one country to begin with if
you do operate over different countries
so perhaps for example in our case
because we're based in the UK we would
start with the UK and then looked at
Canada and the United States and other
countries but whatever your your
physical location is in your area of
operation that's what needs to be put in
here so I'm going to write would you
like to keep them in their age range
hopefully you've already got a pretty
good idea of the demographics of your
target market so hopefully you'll know
that you know most of your customers are
males age 30 to 50 for example something
along those lines and so for our
business for our advertising purposes we
have quite a wide range it could be
either men or women we usually select 30
and over and we cap it at around about
55 so we want to work with business
owners and marketers that are fairly
senior in decision-making positions in
larger companies and still relatively
tech-savvy otherwise they won't be
interested in anything like this the
first place around about thirds of its
work we do change that for various
things that's really about our our age
group both men and women and okay and
then the key with Facebook with who you
gonna advertise to is really in the
detail talkative so again I'm gonna
create another video all about using
Facebook's audience insights tool which
I recommend you do so you get there by
the way you get two audience insights
just by clicking on these three lines at
the top and going across to audience
insights that's a great tool for finding
and cold audiences to target finding
different targeting options that you
might want to test and also you can
clarify some a demographic information
about your your business and let's say
for example you're not sure what an age
or gender your your target customer
mainly is we'd go in and say for example
add in an interest that you know is
closely related to the service that you
provide and Facebook will be able to
tell you with an audience inside oh you
know what 78% of your markets female
therefore we should probably start by by
targeting peanuts I'm gonna create
another video about that
let's move on so what you want to do
here in the detail targeting is
in interest or maybe a behavioral and
category something that you know and is
likely to contain great prospects for
your business so for example I know that
people that are interested in Facebook
for business is a great targeting option
for my business because you know people
they're interested in that are
interested in generating business
through Facebook they're interested
advertising on Facebook which is exactly
who we want to be advertising in but and
you know it complete depends on your
business what could be in here I mean
obviously if you're sum up some of
straightforward if you're a fishing
instructor you know you could enter in
people interested fishing you know if
you teach a violin or something then
there's that beat of B side of things
can often be a little bit more difficult
and so in that case maybe you could go
after specific companies and you can see
you know who works for specific
companies or what their job title is
there are some different types of
options so what I recommend you do if
you don't already know
it's browse through the options go
through the options have a look and
really think about you know okay are my
and prospects you know are what
education levels they've been to
University if they not what financial
level are they what what's their income
what's then F net worth are they are
they parents and politics probably looks
like it's Blair thing you know but are
they getting married in it my services
to do with wedding this relationships
obviously gonna be a massive thing I can
select engaged that's really important
there are tons of great options go
through these here it's very very
dependent on your individual business
now one thing to keep your eye on is
potential reach so you want a reasonable
audience size when I'm you know when I
create videos talking about advertising
other types of things off it
we're often going for much larger
audiences but most service providers
have a you know a very do limited number
of the amount of people that they can
work with so you don't need massive
audiences in there and the advantage of
that is you can afford to be very
specific so you know if you're operating
just on a well if you're operating on a
national a countrywide or international
basis then you can be very very specific
you don't need that many people in your
target audience make how many phone
calls can you possibly have and with
with prospects if you're operating on a
local basis you have to keep this
broader because of course the audience
sizes are all
matically gonna be smaller because
you're only advertising to a local basis
I would say that for most service
providers anything about 50,000 is
actually fine now of course if you're
you know if you you know you're running
this Facebook advertising campaign and
to generate leads for services for
business with hundreds of employees and
you need many many many thousands of
leads on a regular basis then you might
need a larger audience size but anything
around about 50,000 I think is
absolutely fine if it is larger that's
not a problem at all and one thing I
will say is you know if you find you
know let's say you I've added in a
targeting here so let's say instead of
Facebook for business which is already
pretty i'm specific and pretty good
let's say i added in something a lot
broader that we might target like
facebook page admins so let's add that
if they're 5.3 million facebook page
admins and you okay that's far broader
than we want to do so we've got a few
options we can either exclude people so
let's say you know you've got a target
audience but you know you know what this
is whole group of people within that
they're just i'm not going to be write
my service you want to exclude those how
do you find or you can narrow the
audience so for example we might want
them to be Facebook page admins but we
might also want them to be interested in
Facebook for business now this isn't
gonna make a huge amount of sense
because everyone who's interested in
Facebook for business but I'd be amazed
if anyone's not Facebook page admin you
can see how you could use these for your
own business to narrow that audience
down and that's brought us right down to
it to 53,000 for example but you might
have certain parameters let's say for
example you're you know a b2c service
provider and you want people who are
interested in your service but you only
want to work with and you might for
example narrow down your audience to
people who only earn over $100,000 a
year were all higher than that something
along those lines just to get that
audience down to make sure that people
in it are your ideal prospects but don't
sweat the potential reach too much like
just don't worry about it people get so
hung up I'm gonna add Facebook for
business back here people get so hung up
on on getting just the right audience
size or get this right don't worry about
it and of course hopefully when you're
going through this you'll not just find
one option
you'll find three or four different
options if that's the case then what I'd
recommend is don't include them all
within one outset create multiple ad
sets and with the different options
because what you wanna be able to see is
okay we advertise to people that are
interested in face with business versus
advertising people that are faced with
page admins versus some other targeting
options that we might use and we want to
know which one works best you might find
that you know one's costing you one
pound per lead magnet optimum once 23
pounds per lead my adoptive it's it's
really important to to break those out
expand interest when it may increase
conversions at a lower cost per
conversion there are some types of
campaigns where I like including this
because we want much larger larger
audiences and with this in particular we
don't want to select but this sort of
campaign this lead funnel and structure
we don't want to select this because
what we don't want to do is we don't
want Facebook to get us loads of people
to opt in for our Li packet who might
not necessarily make good clients for us
when it comes to you know progressing
them further down our lead fund so I'd
leave that on ticked for now ignore
connections okay here we get onto
placement so there are definitely people
in the industry to disagree with me a
lot of people more and more recommending
you go with automatic placements it's
something I regularly test but I find
that the vast majority of stuff that
comes from Facebook
leads the interaction the engagement the
purchases whatever sort of thing it is
your advertising come from the Facebook
news feeds so I still like to deselect
we selected that deselect all the other
options
I just been a bit slow and simply start
with the Facebook news feeds of course
if you want to test for a space and
options you can and you can very quickly
find out within a couple of days of
running a campaign where you're
generating your leads from which
placement and you can go back in to your
ad ad set and edit these options you can
remove them but I like to start with
just the news feeds all mobile dies
absolutely fine leave that unselected
okay Optima optimization and delivery so
we want to optimize the a delivery for
conversions that's what we want Facebook
to do for us so for example you know it
could be landing pages could be link
licks etc I would leave that deselect it
for now
conversion window leave that seven days
lever one day view I don't think will
make that much difference and then bid
strategy lowest cost you know of course
that's exactly what we were going to be
able to get not hundreds ensure why
they've got a secondary option we want
to get leads at least progress we'll
leave that as is and everything else is
absolutely fine this ad set is now ready
to go so what I would do for example
just show the naming convention is I
would come back in and we've got what
are we've got we've got UK we're
targeting the UK we're doing 30 to 55
and we're doing Facebook for business
now if I was to create three or four
different ad sets I could now see that
against for example the same but let's
say that was Facebook page admins and I
could see really easily oh you know this
one's generating leads for X amount this
one's generating leads for twice the
price let's we allocate the budget to
the best performing ad set those
optimizations and adjustments you make
once campaign alive really important so
don't just ignore your campaign once is
up there and this becomes more important
if you want to test you know 12
different ancestors will often do for
our plan so let's go ahead do that okay
now click on this ad set to go in and
now we need to create act of course we
know exactly what the ad is going to
include and but right lead funnel
campaign let me just select this stuff
here and then we want to create new so
I'm gonna go with why your facebook
video because that's what this ad is
going to be we've already been through
it so I'm not gonna spend hard any time
on this I'm just gonna very quickly show
you how to set this up I'd recommend you
go about setting this up so here we go
so it's popped up here while you're
wasting your time with this video now
you can of course create your ad right
here within ads manager so you could you
know select video you could go ahead and
upload your video add the text in here
and make sure you've got that you know
website URL you're linking to the
landing page on your website and but
that's not what I would recommend
I wouldn't recommend creating your ad in
here and that's because of social proof
now
let's say for example I've talked
already about you may want to create
three or four different assets in fact I
would recommend it now if that's the
case if you create at within each each
ad set those are going to be different
ads and all the likes comments shares
and stuff like that are going to be
spread across you know in that case four
different ads if you've got four
different ad sets and that that's
magnified if you want to create a couple
different ad variations so let's say you
want to keep your same video but you
want to use and two different text
variations with the actual different
copy variations I'm at eight ads and all
that social proof is gonna be split
across data for that now if you use
existing post instead I find it much
more effective you want all that social
proof on on one ad poster that when
people see it and it's got you know
dozens of comments and likes and shares
they're going to pay more attention to
that it's it's effectively the same as
like a TripAdvisor review you know
somewhere it's got loads of great
reviews you're going to pay more
attention to it and consider it more as
a you know hotel to stay at or whatever
same with a Facebook ad it's got lots of
social proof people are going to give it
more time because there's an endorsement
from all those other people so what I
recommend you do instead is upload your
video to your Facebook page obviously
include the text publish that post and
then you can come in here you can select
use existing post and then you simply
need to select a post so you'll see tons
of different videos in here I said this
was published three four five six months
ago and scroll down here we go I think
this one's about right in there so let's
go ahead and select this one if you're
trying to put your business on Facebook
that's the one why you're wasting your
time with Facebook so you can see for
example that this one post and has got
one point five thousand you know likes
hearts and all the other different
options 358 comments 261 shares and what
that means is when that Anne shows up in
someone's newsfeed looking just like or
you can see here people are go and pay
more attention to it they go okay this
is not you know people obviously like
this that it's acting a social group so
that's why I recommend use existing post
and it also means that this step is
super easy I don't need to do anything
else
obviously for this campaign to work
properly remember you need the Facebook
mixing installed you need the Leader
been installed so make sure let's take
you don't need to worry about any of
this and then you can go ahead and
select publish just a note on the facial
picture by the way guys and if you have
no idea how to do this and the idea of
setting this up technically is
terrifying just going to up work calm
find someone to do it for you they'll
probably charge you ten twenty dollars
something like that very inexpensive
well worth doing and once we're talking
about upwork.com I'll quickly mention
about the video is when I said a hand my
raw footage over to a video editor I'd
recommend you find in one great place to
find find freelancers that are very
inexpensive come with tons of reviews
you know your quality and would really
recommend you do that as a first-time
do-it-yourself can take up Welkom say
you need help with a facial pixel and
for your video editing needs in back to
be honest a lot of the things that I do
where I need little jobs for I will go
to work on to find people we need to get
I'll include a link to that in the video
description so now I'm not going to do
this obviously because we really got
campaign running but you would now go in
and select publish and your campaign
would be live okay so that's now
Facebook advertising campaign covered
hopefully gone through the options you
can go back through this video and set
yours up now we need to move on to the
next stage which is the landing page
that's the place that people are going
to arrive at and you know from the link
in your video ad where they're going to
opt in for your leave Matt so let's
let's don't pick that now okay so this
is the landing pages people have taken
to from the facebook video ad and I'm
going to quickly go through this because
what's included in this page and the
layout of it the structure of its really
important and this page is converted
north of 60% which means more than 60%
of the people that have landed on it
have gone on to opt in for the five-part
facebook ad topic which is really really
high industry average is probably about
20 to 40% that's the sort of range the
most landing pages yet anything of a 40%
could drink really well so so you feel
free to model from this page I will
include a link to it in the video
description so come here take a look at
this page model from Italy creating your
own landing page and while should their
opt-in to the lead map it you know the
five-part pace with that template is
really useful advertising on Facebook
your you'll find a helpful and you can
kind of as well so first thing you'll
notice is there's no head and app again
there's no menu up here you can't get to
the about page services page contact
page whatever and that's on purpose
so with these pages what you want to do
is you want to minimize distractions you
want people to take one very specific
action and that's locked in for the lead
map which they compete by giving their
name and email address here and if you
have links up here people will click on
them they'll navigate right into
websites have a look and they won't make
it back to this page when they were end
up opting it so where possible get rid
of as much navigation and distractions
as possible having said that and I
quickly scroll down to the footer we
have got some links down at the bottom
in this page home contact login terms
conditions price points etc because
we're advertising this page on Facebook
we directly linking to it Facebook
doesn't want you to send people to
what's called dead-end so places where
they can't basically get out of when
they navigate there so having some links
in the footer is necessary make sure you
whenever you are missing on Facebook you
would want to make sure that you're not
reaching Facebook's advertiser policies
they will suspend your account and if
you do it multiple times will ban your
account I've come across that many times
so would strongly recommend that you
read through those advertiser policies
at some point they're not actually that
long it's not horrendously owner it's
like it sounds you can get a really
quick good idea okay can't do this can
do this except et cetera and we've made
that mistake where we haven't done that
before and run into issues so recommend
you do that so that's why these links
are in here ideally I wouldn't have them
on but yeah what can you do okay then we
get into the meat of the page itself so
first thing we've got is a free download
so ruling digital marketing that you
can't say something's free enough it is
actually free this is completely free so
we've got that up there then we've just
got the title in it red to really grab
people's attention five-part Facebook ad
template that's what it is and then I'm
not going to go through this and I'm
gonna read to all of this but you'll see
that the text beneath that and it's
short and sweet that we've only got four
bullet points but it's really benefit
rich remember you have to sell your
leave you have to really convince people
to opt in for it they don't want to give
you their amount they're worried that
you're going to spam you everyone
already already receives tons and tons
of emails every day and so they don't
want to give you their email address you
need to overcome that by
sort of selling the benefits of having
it so in this wood you know including
the Facebook tip ad template is our
value first strategy and how to generate
low-cost leads and sales we've got in
here you know five elements of a
Facebook ad convince your target market
to click the most important convert so
these are things to people what they
want low cost leads and sales they want
you know ideal customers to know that
their answer for them they want you know
to convince target market to click so
think about what your need magnet does
and we go into the madness in a minute
and the benefits the people that your
target market will have get I should say
by downloading it include those in there
really important take a lot of time on
these guys if it takes you you know two
hours to write four bullet points that
sounds crazy but that's fine these are
really really important and then we've
include an image always think that's a
nice little touch for me doesn't make a
huge amount of difference but having an
image in there probably just makes it
real that they're getting something in
exchange for their email address then
obviously we've got the octant
information don't ask for any more
information than you need so if you you
know at this stage you don't need a
phone number that's going to come next
and so we just ask for a name an email
address the reason why we do it this way
is because if you ask for too much
information here number one you'll
decrease your conversion rate on this
page but number two it's just too early
you know all the people have done so far
all the people have interacted with with
your business they've watched a video on
Facebook they clicked on a link aloud on
this page it's too early to start saying
come work with us give us your phone
number we'll call you back
so just ask for a name email address one
step further we'll be able to work to
add those things then we've got getting
some access in a great big ugly orange
button something I would recommend and
you want people who land on this page
you want their eyes to be automatically
drawn to this button doesn't go with the
sort of design of the page with the
blacks and reds and blues and it's just
orange and but you do want it standout
that does that has been shown to help
though the graphic designers and web
designers but you probably don't like
the look of that but put in a big old
ugly button so that people are drawn to
it then beneath that we'll just put a
link to our privacy policy and I'm not
sure whether or not you have to do that
I think with the new GDP our stuff
coming in you will have to and we've
always included that like to improve
that people want to know what you're
going to do with their data so you click
on that you can see we're not gonna do
anything bad with it or we're just going
to use it for its intended purposes send
for your template and stuff like that so
that's the page pretty straightforward
and what we use to make this is we've
got a wordpress website and we use the
optimized press plug-in to create this
so I don't know how to do any you know
how to code anything and in fact no one
in my team does if we do need anything
like that we've we get external help and
but we don't need to code anything to
setup a page like this we can just do
this with an optimized brush drag and
drop right in the text super easy super
straightforward hook this up and to
MailChimp which is our email service
provider and so that the template is
automatically delivered when people
enter in their details
it makes the whole process Lodi's I'll
include a link top twice press in the
video description
once they obviously get this they'll be
taken to thank you slash sales page then
also be emailed the lead packet we do
need to quickly go over that because if
you don't have that part right the whole
strategy falls apart so let's do that
now so here we now have our five-part
Facebook ad template out our
best-performing lead magnet and as you
saw from the campaign a while ago this
campaign alone 10,000 opt-ins for this
thing we had a previous version that
video before we recorded that had over
400,000 views and that had even more
opt-ins so said this is performed really
really well and of course for this
strategy to work people need to opt-in
for your lead magnet so it needs to be
something that people actually want in
needs to deliver a lot of value so again
when you're thinking about creating your
lead magnet think right what can I give
in an automatic format so we can
automatically delivered you're not
actively delivering the service that can
you know what I always like to say about
lead magnet is help your customers or
your prospects achieve something they
want to achieve or avoid something they
want to avoid so it might you know
something that's really annoying them
and you've got a solution right a lead
magnet for it but if you've got
something that oh I really want X so in
our case it's achieve something they
want to achieve we know that our target
market our advertising on Facebook or
interested advertising on Facebook they
want better Facebook Ads because that's
going to produce better results for
their business and this five-part
Facebook ad template is designed to do
exactly that now a lot of lead magnets
is a bunch of different formats you can
use you can create you know reports
guides templates similar to this one you
could use a video training and you could
write a webinar although I'm not a big
fan of a weapon I think it's too
involved and with your lead magnet it
needs to deliver a lot of value and
ideally it will be consumed quickly and
easily because what you don't want is
you don't want your prospects thinking
I'm not gonna opt in for that because I
don't have time to go through it and
that's where I feel a webinar cut now if
you want to know more about creating
lead magnets I've created a video and
it's all about how to build an email
list with Facebook well obviously you
need to talk about lead magnets a lot
because that's and the strategy that's
used and at the beginning of that video
the first sort of 15-20 minutes talking
about lead magnets and I give a whole
bunch of examples of different
businesses and the sort of lead magnets
that they could create so I'll include a
link to that video it's called how to
build facebook ads 2018 how to build an
email list with facebook advertising
it's a title of video check that out
watch the first 20 minutes or so because
that goes into a lot of detail on lead
magnets I want to keep this video as
short as possible because you know we're
in a stage three out of five and it's
the risk of getting too long so let's
quickly go through this so I mentioned
science ever a lot of value so the way
this and lead map this five-part face
for data template sort of works is what
I've done is I've used you know so I
I'll go through the pages I start by
sort of introducing the our company a
little bit learning a little bit about
us why we're credible so when I know
that most people advertising on Facebook
their businesses split into sort of
three different categories you've got
local slash service and you've got
scroll dogs be too long you've got
ecommerce that's product businesses and
you've got digital slash information
product businesses those are the sort of
general three categories so what I do is
for each one I've got an example ad so
for the local stuff service which is
what mostly watching this video we'll be
interested in abusing example material
design company that we've worked with
I've got I've included an ad example
I've broken the ad into its component
parts and text image headline etc
cetera and that I've explained what each
component part does why we've included
it how it works really well
etc etc and now this is really useful
because people can go in and they can go
okay you know I'm you know I'm not
interior design company but I you know
run I'm a hairdresser for example and
they come in and they could see ok well
they've you know they've used this
method here of calling out to the target
market which is explained in point one
call out your target market great so I
could do that let's say my target market
you know my barbers I'm just after men
so fine I could pull out two men and
maybe I specialize in X Y Zed I can call
you so you can come in here and you can
use the examples and attacks given and
that's what we've got included that's
what this need map is all about so it's
you know quick and easy to consume
people can come through and have a look
and and work it out I'd recommend you
guys come down and come in opt-in for
this download it and go through it
delivers a lot of value does so nice and
quickly and then moves people on to the
next stage as I said if you want a lot
more details on promoting lead magnets
then check out that video I mentioned
about building an email list first
twenty minutes all about lead magnets
you can find a lot of details there
we're gonna move on to the full stage of
this lead funnel which is a Thank You /
sales page and that's the real and so
you know if there's one thing that
really makes this lead funnel stand out
from any other sorts of funnels that you
may have heard people talk about online
I think it's this thank you stuff sales
page it works incredibly well many many
different actor iterations anyway talked
enough let's get into that okay so here
we are now on the Thank You page slash
sales page that we've been talking about
the people are taken to after they
opt-in for our lead back now I do needs
quickly say if you go ahead and opt-in
for the lead magnet which I would
recommend and you're not taken to this
page that's probably because we're too
busy and we're not looking for extra
service work and in that case you won't
be taken to this page once you opt in
for the lead magnet
you'll be taken to a page where you're
asked to asked if you'd be interested in
purchasing one of our online courses
about facebook advertising you know
fortunately my business reach a stage
where we often have more people wanting
us to create Facebook campaigns and
stuff like that their business that we
could handle when that's the case we
won't directly which this page obviously
then at times do the phone calls and to
get
take on your business we'll send them
there instead and which is a great thing
you can do with this strategy you can
either pause the Facebook campaign if
you want to save money or you could
offer something else once you do reach
capacity and okay so that with that said
let's go through this page so again
you'll notice there's no header
navigation
something I would recommend important
you don't want still don't want any
distractions on this page and then we
start talking about what's included so
the first thing you need to do is
acknowledge the previous action that
they've just taken so you don't and land
on this page ago I'm gonna minute
where's my where's my template where's
my lean back what's this so here we've
got thank you for downloading my
five-part Facebook ad template your
requested download should be within your
inbox within the next 10 minutes now of
course we have it set to send
immediately sometimes it can take a few
minutes for it to turn up but that's
just acknowledging what they've
previously done they can read that and
go okay cool everything's fine and I'll
go take a look at my inbox and my email
inbox and the template should be in
there now we've gotten big letters
beneath it watch the video below to find
out how we can help you get better
results from Facebook so you know we've
kind of set it up that you look you'll
have to wait a few minutes anyway in the
meantime why don't you watch this video
and they can't see how long it is it
does I'm gonna do it in a second and a
refresh this page this video will
automatically start playing definitely
something I would recommend so they'll
probably glance at this and then start
watching the video it's only fifty
seconds long I think and and that's the
pivot you know they've just done
something we're gonna capitalize on the
momentum thank you very much for
downloading the template watch this
video below to find out how we can help
you get X so obviously you can use exact
same text you can copy that get you know
instead of get better results it'll be
whatever it is that your service helps
people do remember the whole point of
this video we're gonna go through it a
second the whole point of this video is
to get people to book a free phone call
that's what we want that's what I found
is by far the best way to progress
people and when you're looking to to
generate you know to sell your services
and generate new clients and when you're
advertising online that the number one
hurdle you have to come across and is
that sort of connection people normally
hire service providers or at least one
tire service providers that they know or
someone else knows or their
recommendations you have to overcome
that
that's what we've done you know by this
stage they've seen a video on Facebook
they've altered another video of you
hopefully faced a camera like I've done
here and you know you start to develop
that relationship with these prospects
now you can sort of see why this works
so well okay so let's go ahead and
refresh this page and quickly go through
and this short video and the elements in
it so you can see from the start there I
you know said hi introduce myself
reintroduce myself they should already
know by this point member these people
have already watched a video on Facebook
of me face to camera and but I'm just
sort of introducing myself and I'm
reeling the action they just took them
just like we did in the text above I'm
saying well done for downloading the
five part Facebook ad template and it's
good because of X Y and Zed of different
industries you're going to find it you
know that's just helping to overcome any
form of buyer's remorse that you might
get after someone opts in obviously
they're not paying for the lead magnets
free but they can still regret their
decision afterwards we want to help
mitigate that by saying you know you
made a great decision it contains my
best performing ads you're gonna find it
really useful to to use this and and
then move on from there and start to get
into the pivot were start to talk about
our services agency which specialises
fix book advertisers so we create an
optimized facebook advertising campaigns
for our clients and if you're looking to
get better results from Facebook than
what you're currently getting we can
almost certainly help you achieve that
so at this point I'm first of all
letting people know that this is a
service that we provide as a company
because up to this point they haven't
seen anything about services it's not
mentioned in the faith in the video ad
on Facebook it's not on the landing page
it's not in the lead magnet they haven't
come across the fact that we are
actually a service provider so we'd to
let them know that we let them know that
we specializes list in in this area and
then I'm really starting to not be shy
about promoting our services and you
know I know what we can bring to the
table I know that when we work with
companies and we can help them get
better results when their facebook
advertising than if they do that
themselves just to make sense we're
experts in the field we do this all
every day and so I'm not shy about
saying that in this video and that's
important so I just give a little bit of
information about you know we can help
you get better results and then I'm
going to transition into the call to
action so if you are interested its fill
out the very short contact for at least
this video and then I'll be in touch to
find out exactly what it is that you're
looking to achieve and see if we can
help you get there
so hopefully you fill out the form below
we'll talk soon but either way I want to
wish you the best of luck with your
business and with your Facebook
advertising campaigns in particular
thanks a lot guys so that's it
really short video the whole thing is as
you can see they're 52 seconds long
another call to action which quickly
mentioned and I say then fill out the
contact form below and when are we first
we're testing out this strategy and we
had a contact form beneath the video
where they give sort of name email
address and then we reach out to them I
found it's much better to get them to
book a slot directly in your calendar as
I'm about to show you and it's much more
time efficient you don't need a you know
either yourself or a support staff
member to book all the phone calls have
them do it automatically and I just
didn't bother re recording this video
because it worked anyway people scroll
down instead of filling out the contact
form they clicked on the button and then
went through the process but I would
recommend if you were to be recording
your video and from scratch then instead
of saying fill out the contact form
below say click on the button below go
through to a page on our site and book a
slot directly into my calendar
that's what how I how I'd recommend you
do it okay so let's now move on to the
the stuff beneath it just very quickly
so all we're really doing here is just
reiterating the points that we put in
the video just because well it's a
couple of reasons why I've got this in
there number one
autoplay won't work on a lot of mobile
devices and so this video won't
automatically play and you can't
guarantee that the people who often if
your lead magnet will actually and watch
this and listen to this of course a lot
well but someone so we want to reiterate
some of the points in the text beneath
the video so you can see here we've got
interested in working with us as digital
marketing agency we've worked with a
wide range of b2b b2c and b2b companies
hoping and generate low-cost leads and
sales unlike so that's establishing our
credibility what we've already done then
say I'd love to talk to you about
marketing your business online and
Facebook in particular simply click the
button below to schedule a call with me
and we can have a quick chat find out
exactly what you're looking to achieve
and how we can have you get there so the
tone of the
is look we're just gonna have a quick
phone call it's informal you're not
signing up for you know a $5,000 a month
retainer or anything like that no
obligation just really chilled and
really relaxed situation where we just
go have a chat I can tell you how we
were if you might be interested you can
tell me what you're looking to achieve
with your business and that's how I'd
recommend you pitch it you don't want to
be too aggressive at this stage that we
plenty of time to sort of close the sale
over the phone as it were but at this
point keep it keep it relaxed and then
again at the beneath this we've got a
great big orange button on here that
stands out we want people's eyes to be
to be drawn to this what often happens
particularly mobile devices that see
this page though their eyes will be
drawn straight to the scheduler free
pool and they'll be like oh what's that
about and then they'll read up here and
have a look okay oh it's about you know
Facebook advertising services fine great
I will have a quick phone call with them
and you can capitalize on that momentum
that we've been talking about the bottom
page we've got some little navigation
just like we did in the previous page
it's just I think it come to us a little
bit more professional to have a bit of
navigation on this page okay so let's
now click on this button and go through
to the next page which is of course an
important step so when I click on this
button there Long's have you taken to a
scheduling page too showed you a free
call and I really really strongly
recommend that you do something like
this by the way guys use this sort of
software have them book it directly in a
bat show it's so much better than having
all that back and forth and time spent
arranging appointment to you free you
know three o'clock on a Wednesday no can
you do 10 a.m. on a Thursday and saves a
lot lot of hassle just quickly on this
page I have entered in the head of
navigation in it so people can move
around my my website the reason why is
because this page is linked to not just
as part of this sounds funnel but you
know with the rest of our website as
well so people can be getting there from
different and areas if it was just as
part of the sales funnel I'd probably
think about removing this and but
because you know people might begin
there for different areas the fact that
that would also disappear would be a bit
strange so I've got it on this page it's
not a big point if someone's made it to
this stage and most people that make it
to this page will go ahead and book a
phone call and so you know as you can
see super super simple page book of free
facebook advertising phone consultation
with ben heath little picture of me and
then it says come down here and you've
got this so
this is powered by acuity scheduling
that's a software I use really good
piece of software think it's ten fifteen
dollars a month costs absolutely next to
nothing and people can come in here what
what I'm able to do is embed this into
my site you can see this is on my
website and then people can come in here
and they can you know you've got GMT
they can set their time zone to start
with so as I said we've got clients not
just in the UK but in America Canada etc
and so they set their time zone and then
what they can do is they can come in
here
and you can see nowadays I don't have
much much time availability but the
black days are days where there is some
availabilities have a phone call with me
so you can click up for example on the
25th of April and you can either book a
phone call with me at 3 or 4 o'clock
and obviously you can set this up within
acuity so that as your week gets booked
up you can go back into a guillotine be
like out you know that slot on Thursday
afternoon gotta get rid of those few
phone calls and do it like so and so of
course the availability is competing up
to you how many phone calls a week it's
completely up to you and I've set this
is 45 minutes most don't go that long
most of probably 25 minutes because what
we're really doing on these phone calls
is they're telling me about their
business what they're looking to achieve
and then I'm gonna say how we work and
we we sort of see it if they go together
it's not a an intense scenario we're not
trying to sell aggressively I'd
recommend you don't do the same but it's
a really good way of getting that first
stage for a lot of businesses you know
we do we often don't meet our clients
for a lot of businesses the point of
that phone call will be just to see if
they're the right sort of client for you
and then obviously to set up a
face-to-face meeting a lot of
Mississippi in which case your calls you
know you can put that at 15 minutes and
it's not going to take long at all that
means you could do a lot more obviously
yeah but that's it so user keyword
shipping there are other options and
other pieces of software that do similar
things I know but but you know they go
through here I just quickly show you the
process let's say 24 you click at two
o'clock continue they enter in their
details first name last name phone
number email just etc and they then
complete appointment and then what will
happen is I'll get an email saying you
know I've got appointments been booked
in for a three o'clock on on Wednesday
and that's fantastic so for me when I
want to generate leads for my services
that's all I do I just turn the
campaigns back on all of this is set up
so it happens automatically once
once the Facebook advertising campaign
is on and there automatically you know
people obviously advertise that video
they click on the link in the video
description like they're told to they go
to the landing page they opt-in for the
lead magnet they land on the Thank You
page they click on the button beneath
the video they come to this page they
book a free phone consultation with me
and I haven't had to do anything myself
I could be building other areas my
business I can beat lying on the beach
whatever I want and this is the point
where I get the lead through and so once
you've got this set up is fantastic you
know and think how warm your leads are
by this point they've seen a video on
you on Facebook they've come through to
your website and they opted in for a
lead magnet so they're on your email
list they then come through to a Thank
You page watch another video about you
they've clicked on a button to schedule
a free phone call with you and then
they've gone ahead and showed you that
phone it's a fantastic sales funnel for
for generating services works incredibly
well and that's it guys that's my you
know five steps to my lead funnel it's
exactly how generate leads my own
business that's how I've generated leads
for clients it works incredibly well I
can get all the elements right and it
it's not that difficult doesn't take
that long to do and you know you've got
a great obviously Facebook video and
then the landing page and the lead back
that these things can sound daunting you
know and if it does take you a month to
put together trust me it'll be well
worth it because once you've got this up
and running we've had this process
running for well over a year now it
makes our life so much easier our lead
generation process works on autopilot
and it really allows us to scale to
scale our business so what I recommend
you do first of all is go through the
things in order so go ahead and watch
that Facebook video ad of mine the
example again go through that and really
sort of analyze it think about how you
can use how you can modify that sort of
structure and use it and how that would
apply to your own business and then go
through the process so click on the link
in the video description and like I said
in the video go through to the landing
page take a look at that and opt-in for
my lead magnet that'll mean you're on my
email list don't worry I won't spam you
at all I'm just basically gonna send you
and really high content high quality
Facebook advertising content like the
video you've just watched and go through
to the Thank You page and see that Thank
You page now what I will say is please
don't book a session with me unless you
are actually interested in our services
and just just to give you
idea of the companies we work with
they're usually in the sort of high
six-figure a year m7 figure and up mark
and so if your business isn't that level
then then it might not be best for you
to book a phone call with me because you
know we just won't be able to help you
guys out basically and CSV please don't
do that unless you are serious about
working with us but go through the
process see how it works and then look
to implement it your own business so one
thing just before you go I really am
really an ask of mine that I'm really
appreciate is if you could leave a
comment below this video just letting me
know what service it is you provide I'd
love to know all the different services
that people are gonna offer and market
with this need button and then of course
you could maybe come back in in a few
months time and say you know this is
worked really well it's you know
generating leads for XML and all that
sort of stuff I really appreciate that
that would really help me out also
please give the video a thumbs up don't
forget to scratch subscribe to my
youtube channel for more great great
content like this yeah I'm really
enjoying producing this long-form video
content it is anything you didn't
understand in this all that you'd like
me to go into a lot more detail into in
another video again comment below I will
get to it and thank you so much for
watching this video I know if you've
made it this far you're serious about
advertising your business on Facebook I
know if you can follow these steps it's
gonna work really well for you guys
thanks a lot best of luck with
everything
talks it
you